Rectify typographical inaccuracies. (#190)
nexus-xyz/nexus-zkvm: docs/pages/specs/zkvm-overview.mdx

[[GGPR13](https://eprint.iacr.org/2012/215.pdf)] Rosario Gennaro, Craig Gentry, Bryan Parno, and Mariana Raykova. “Quadratic span programs and succinct NIZKs without PCPs”. In EUROCRYPT 2013.

> [[GWC19](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/953)] Ariel Gabizon, Zachary J Williamson, and Oana Ciobotaru. “Plonk: Permutations over lagrange-bases for oecumenical non-interactive arguments of knowledge”. In: Cryptology ePrint Archive (2019)

Reviewer: We should stick with the actual title of the paper. It uses "noninteractive" without a hyphen.

The BibTeX on the linked page indicates the title should be as follows:

```suggestion
[[GWC19](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/953)] Ariel Gabizon, Zachary J Williamson, and Oana Ciobotaru. “PLONK: Permutations over Lagrange-bases for Oecumenical Noninteractive arguments of Knowledge”. In: Cryptology ePrint Archive (2019)
```
